[Music]
living the dream for most people this
means being able to travel to their
dream destination beaches mountains
ruins wherever your soul will be
fulfilled now what if a millionaire
offers to pay for all your travelling
aspirations only one condition first you
have to fly continuously for a year
non-stop clouds after clouds after
clouds would you say yes if you accept
it what would it be like crying babies
all year in the seat behind you yeah
let's hope not
jet lag would probably be the first
thing that comes to mind since this is
the most familiar side-effect after a
long flight if six to eight hours make
your head feel the weight of the world
then can you imagine what 365 days up in
the air would do well honestly this is
the very least of your worries
considering everything else flying does
to your body another common thing is air
pressure even if you're not on an
airplane but maybe visiting some place
with a high altitude you can experience
an uncomfortable feeling in your ear and
even have difficulty hearing yep this is
all do those air pressure
it even gets worse during turbulence
since the pressure is also affected by
it the good news is swallowing or
yawning helps with the discomfort so
chewing gum while flying would be really
helpful but could you chew gum for a
year straight now when you're up in the
sky especially if you were able to get a
seat beside the window you can't help
but to admire what you see outside right
however this might make your stomach
feel a little uneasy the lack of
movement that's being observed by your
eyes will directly conflict with what
your inner ear is experiencing sending
mixed signals to your brain this
contradiction will be the reason for
your stomachache
if you're the type of person is really
sensitive to motion the suggested seat
for you would be the one on the Winx
since it's steadier than any other seats
on the plane no not on the wings that's
too windy I mean in a seat next to the
Winx feel better now if motion sickness
isn't an issue for you but you're still
feeling like your tummy hurts
it could be because of gas circulation
in your body the pressure is still the
one to blame for this one as you go
higher in the air the gas inside you
expands causing the unexpected ache that
you're feeling it'll help you a lot if
you don't try to hold the gas inside you
though since that only makes you feel
worse and more bloated so go ahead and
let it out it can be a good conversation
starter and you can be pretty sure
you're not the only one who's feeling
that way the trees and plants here on
the ground offer more than enough oxygen
to maintain our bodies once you're up in
the air stuck in a metal cylinder with
no plants to rely on the oxygen level
can be a little tricky but due to being
above the horizon your blood will absorb
less oxygen than usual also if you're
going to be on a long flight for a lot
of hours 8760 hours in a year to be
exact
you'll be seated most of the time and
when your body isn't moving much for
long periods of time the blood in your
body won't circulate very well either
surprisingly this also decreases your
oxygen levels no worries though you
might try walking around every two to
three hours just to make sure that your
body is getting enough circulation for
your blood and oxygen and what about the
meals
oh that's coming up okay
now have you ever gotten annoyed with
the airplane crew for reminding you
about drinking water during the flight
well don't be they're actually doing it
for your own good it's been suggested
that a healthy environment would have
about 50 to 60 percent water vapor
present in the air
sadly inside an airplane cabin it can
dip as low as 10% which makes it drier
than the desert
due to this dehydration is always a
possibility your eyes lips and mouth
might get dry and a headache isn't out
of the question the only solution
drinking lots and lots of water but if
you'll be flying for a year can the
cabin store enough water for you to stay
hydrated yes that's definitely something
to ponder flying first class will not
only give you a comfortable seat and
fancy drinks but also dishes designed
and prepared by famous chefs
unfortunately when you're up there your
taste buds may go numb now you know why
it seems like all the foods taste bland
like it was never seasoned or as if salt
isn't allowed inside the plane actually
it was probably cooked and seasoned
perfectly it's just that your palate
isn't functioning like it usually does
this is actually what researchers found
out in 2010 the dryness of the air up
there will not only affect your
hydration but also mess with your sense
of smell and guess what being able to
smell food is essential for your brain
to also recognize how it tastes in an
effort to actually make you feel like
your food was cooked nicely they make it
on the ground but do a taste test up in
the air see they're trying their best to
give you the finest service no matter
how good they are at providing service
there are inevitable things that are out
of their control
like the spreading of viruses in a small
confined space flying thousands of
in the air there's definitely no way to
make it as clean as the first day of flu
hence germs are present and the chances
of coming in contact with them are
higher this is why the Journal of
environmental health research also
concluded that the risk of catching
colds is a hundred times higher when
you're on an airplane if you're going to
the beach you might be expecting a
sunburn but from now on you may consider
putting on sunscreen simply to ride a
play up there with the windows
unprotected up to 50 percent of UVA rays
can come through exposing your skin some
studies have shown that spending 56
minutes at such an altitude is equal to
spending 20 minutes tanning don't forget
to take into account that all the
information here was gathered through
long hours of flight but the condition
that was offered to you was to fly for
one whole year try to imagine the worst
jetlag stomachache
having no sense of smell deprivation of
oxygen and dehydration all year round
not to mention the gas multiply all that
by 365 days and I guess you'll be able
to give an educated answer to the
opportunity that the millionaire has
offered now I'm guessing that right now
you're already thinking just about
saving up some money for you to be able
to achieve your travel goals on your own
any thoughts do perhaps haggling with
you offer
Wow what do you think about the
surprising effects of flying for a long
time were you amazed or maybe worried
let me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and cheered with a
Fred but hey don't go fly away just yet
we have over two thousand cool videos
for you to check out all you have to do
is pick the left or right video click on
it and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]